Create @fluidframework/azure-service-utils and re-export generateToken (#7499)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/framework/azure-service-utils/README.md

# @fluidframework/azure-service-utils

> Helper utilities for use when developing BE APIs for use with applications built using the `AzureClient`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of helper utilities for building backend APIs in use with Azure Fluid Relay service.
```
